You see the price clearly
I'm not alone in rejecting you
What it boils down to?
But it's who you are
The status gap is too great
You don't deserve to be here
I told you.
Mr. Chu represents our Crescent Company
The identity and status of Xu Xinyue's company
Don't you deserve it?
Don't be angry
I'm just teaching him to see his body
By the way, teach him some reason
customer
Mr. Xu, if you let me out
This price is really urgent
Hahaha
What are you, you are also entitled to
Xu Le, President of Asia, Our Global Entertainment Company
I can't stand it.
I'm standing here today.
It represents the global entertainment market in Asia
Entertainment leader in the district
There are very few people in the audience with a body like mine
I'd like to know what kind of treatment you receive
I can't afford it.
Or the Tianwang Diva who is here today?
Should be trampled under your feet
You are the brightest top star in my life
That's right, you guys put it together.
Can't compare to me
Mr. Chen, you have to think carefully
If you care about protecting this trash
For you, New Moon Media
I'll be a rich man
Here today.
But they are all first-class in our country
It's the least popular.
He is also an old-timer of our Huaye music scene
Once upon a time, ah
You are an unknown person who has not even made a debut
What is it up to him to talk nonsense here?
I myself am the greatest universe
I'd like to see it
Are you a superstar on top?
Or a gasp for dust?
Just get out of my way and go to be presumptuous Xu Ruotian